## The Dawn of Hybrid Site Generators

There is a sea change afoot in the worlds of frontend frameworks and
static site generators: the two have gotten married! React has Gatsby
and React-Static, Vue has VuePress, even Svelte has Sapper. Whatâ€™s
going on? In this talk we explore how the UX bar has been raised for
making fast, full-featured sites on the JAMStack, and how new tools
are meeting that bar!

## JS at the Edge of the World

Want to live life on the Edge? Lambda functions open a world of
possibilities for running on-demand, server-side code without having
to run a dedicated server. It's been 4 years - What have people been
using them for? In this talk we explore how people are pushing the
frontiers of serverless Node.js to do everything from making slackbots
to taking money for your next great side project!

## React Suspense For The Rest of Us

Even if you don't work with React, you're likely to have come across a
React dev super excited about the new Suspense feature in React. What
is it? Why are people so hyped? Should I care? This talk is an
introduction for anyone who feels out of the loop - walking through
the history of the idea and the general UI problems it solves. We will approach this in a framework-agnostic way, so that you can see if the Suspense design pattern might make sense in
your next project!

## Atomic React Deploys

React's logo is an atom. The component philosophy encourages Atomic
design. What if our app deployments were atomic too? A backend that is
never out of sync with your frontend - pipe dream or reality?

## Using the React DevTools Profiler at Netlify

How can the new React DevTools Profiler help you identify and fix
performance issues in your app? In this lightning talk we go through a
real life example diving into the Netlify production app to solve
longstanding performance issues, and end with a quick checklist of
things you can try on your app!
